add deprecation notice to socialbakers and emplifi connectors (#542)
MicrosoftDocs/powerquery-docs: powerquery-docs/connectors/socialbakers.md

ms.author: dougklo
---

# Socialbakers (Deprecated)

> Sunset of Socialbakers API Connector is scheduled for August 1st, 2024. Please make sure to make required changes beforehand. Contact your Emplifi representative for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sunset of Socialbakers API Connector is scheduled for August 1, 2024. Please make sure to make the required changes beforehand. Contact your Emplifi representative for more info.
```
